it's only after that it's not like a deliberation of the court of
cassation had found that there was no mistake
at the end of a contract of trust
lowland
she tip that pocketed three months as you turn out to be an important job all
as it's important to go out lost control of his nation is still
most important
for their match build his own nation quickly he focuses that
on 201 time just as promising for the ghana to craven the course
and all of Africa the darkness what are we a nation that are pretty much
my true that I'm not a new moment retreat
in view of what he confessed to have offered many promises that we have
at herstal good
a cador besides his beautiful attack sketch the text is of course in the world
extraordinary personality who led the money
the people of Toulouse you represent that is complicated to
allow toilets these are people who have a lot of energy talent and
of hope that can shape the future
the patience that the first city
over generations of about 200 km was able to achieve for 7 to 11 pm
place we first need the wish will know its truth has
estimated that
he
you gave a speech to newark the development of the panthers
good governance
and that's what coach is the great tenence
small event in far too big gear too often at the caf it's the
change that can unlock 11 239 leave me the responsibility
pool can return to the Africans from manhattan ap the threat
we still have our commitment and I can not break too much in the only
week of laughter other than by the dark of dollars that the answer dry
we are more in this country I am committed to bring we wish
make our insistence overseas south and in the interest of africa
as in the busy of the American sarah hammer and it feels
a real armada rouillac reform of success
why not always on the ps to know if we should not have to
source of support to the first latin american economy we
let's build in joong ang the abilities to make the change
I hope this does not happen
Mutual must be the basis of our interpretation.
today I'm going to insist on four key areas encompassing
important department for the future of africa and former neighbor lyon for that
mature democracy
the possibilities
health because we will hire the peaceful settlement of disputes
witness his host however this we need thomas kahlenberg
support governments of m
the sonaca is solid as I said disgusted each nation this data
sensitive to face-to-face weekly democracy enters in accordance with its
own traditions earth to all who want it
the anoci the newspaper gives especially want to bother me the government must
respect the will of his own people
he wanted a slim body concensus which not by France the party is
eurostat the beasts are no longer prosperous pregnancy more stable the
Russian does not deprive himself from there
that governments that do it sometimes tottenham and match aston without
class and monuments in an organized election ballot this is the
world what happens between the elections annappes she captures with the
surprise defeat comes to maturity
I ask the score in the same bag this even if the elections could not
expect
guilty top
there are a number of things that appeal to me a little bit and we have
all done to lose six games of this type were spared
no record a great wealth if leaders exploit the economy for
to enrich themselves
but that if the police is high
gold not scratch the head
can be bought by traffickers in this case this is happening at
point on the 14 companies but the game it will invest in a country where the
government
next year the hopes coach where the chief of authority
port is corrupt beyond the only good new life in society
where the right forces I want to bud in the head off chart that on
no doubt it was then that the right is where it will be done
and that all day and sithanen have not signed from time to time in
time or because of these an election so what does it
the moment has come my reaction to recall the post this kind of governance
the a104 in palaces in the 21st century at least one parent finally of this
luxury hotel
these reliable and transparent capable institutions are the key to
respect of parliament strong hope that defends police in the maintenance of
the dance of independent judges
Ms Touraine ps
an independent press the battle for the observer a private sector
strong because a civil society
berthod barely reveals himself after things
pins of lille allard democracy ben yes because that's it ratp that counts
in people's daily lives
the truce at war
the way many times Ghanaians aware the chosen pass is
the constitutional rule as his autocracy around protesters
had registered democrat the petitioner this pact
having allowed a large number of citizens votes that your fellow citizens the salvador
and the second will be among the political leaders
it's scary
right now the present what does that mean los angeles the star be
charged racket next to the president we be more than a month
when I arrived last night he hand to greet us who have us
spoke both of Ghana
German pastore is rare
he will have shared garcia how to resist the calls to yield power
the opposition and its aspects we'll see it's what it was this country the
rocks the journalists the asse as to the asse
she is mayor
hébert
to the ass
to masters but have we thought of nothing to risk his life to scare them from the
true truth
the starz chain
because I think
officers r 2 polish the crillon plr pursued the first arrived in
perspective keren hayessod nature no such thing is called exam for contracts
about the people who are involved in the laval process on Oct 14 we saw in
example another example in africa apple
of people who take their destiny destiny in hand and who brings
changes from a convict we saw no 55th civil society
so many people are meeting this point his wing
lessard his place
defending the elections will have no problem at apple after three
quarters the population was burying students
the fourth rank on the field portal labeaume is also beautiful write
a ballet styling support
this can lead to clean elections
the aquatic area
do not support the principle that the name of a so-called Sahel
in the most annoying but we are worried
@ ouille rescuers
until I know no
they do not have to support it those who wish to submit to power by
coups or changing councilors could lose their
own interests
Africa same hope even
a need for ground forces it needs to establish institutions
strong also